ai weiwei sued mccurry
came to me as if I think they gave the
win today at the lady's beach yet
this year
Then I have to go up and
professional sky great promise
football and I think it ties early
the end of the moratorium and my foot on the ground
I hope to do my job, but here
It's not a movie this morning .
go get the ball
I think this home win
For Russia or Brazil.
today is a day of intelligence you do not
knows the difficulties of college that
has inside field is their team
I came to the people with everything I
win has a field where the day to play
simple gives the maximum of people
each one that enters here in the field and
running help another began when
you get in the hand
stayed the sampa is a heel and
Brazilian but it was for me your son.
there we do not suffer was the country suffered
a good car the most and thanks to God I
I am now God
It was difficult but winning the fight already if
God first of all for everything I have
In unity, God, he 's good at marketing.
Guys, it 's hard, it's hard, but
congratulations on your commitment but continue on
Working who knows, you have to improve.
but I will improve in the decisive phase
Let's play a better football and
continue winning offended shadows
no one knows who is this lady dilma
favorite device
who did the suicide launch its new
not be able to
The team is very well and I had to
Winning team has to do a lot
for china we're just arriving in the woods
Woods
team that wants to be the champion of Rio de Janeiro
We ran the iloni runs after
food
God bless you and give you the goal
now it's run to solve the game
continues the same footprint